【Self Pray默禱】
【Call To Worshi宣告】Revelation 啟示錄1:7 
7 看哪，他駕雲降臨，眾目要看見他，連刺他的人也要看見他，地上的萬族都要因他哀哭。這話是真實的，阿們。
7 “Look, he is coming with the clouds,” and “every eye will see him, even those who pierced him”; and all peoples on earth “will mourn because of him.” So shall it be! Amen.
8 主神說：「我是阿拉法，我是俄梅戛，是昔在、今在、以後永在的全能者。」
8 “I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says the Lord God, “who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty.”

【Song唱詩】Lord, I praise with all of my heart《我要一心稱謝你》
Lord, I praise with all of my heart. Before the “gods“，I sing your praise.我要一心稱謝你，在諸神面前歌頌你，Bow down toward your holy temple and praise your everlasting love and your truth.我要向你的聖殿下拜，為你慈愛和誠實稱讚你名。

Lord, I praise with all of my heart. Before the “gods“，I sing your praise.我要一心稱謝你，在諸神面前歌頌你，Bow down toward your holy temple and praise your everlasting love and your truth.我要向你的聖殿下拜，為你慈愛和誠實稱讚你名。

I will sing of your love forever, for your kindness is everlasting.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你慈愛永遠長存。Though I walk in the midst of trouble, by your promise you’ll lead me through.我雖行在困苦患難中，你應許必將我救活。I will sing of your love forever, for your name is above all names.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你的名大有榮耀。When I call, Lord, You always answer by your words. You have made me strong in you.我呼求時你必應允我，鼓勵我，使我心裡有能力。

I will sing of your love forever, for your kindness is everlasting.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你慈愛永遠長存。Though I walk in the midst of trouble, by your promise you’ll lead me through.我雖行在困苦患難中，你應許必將我救活。I will sing of your love forever, for your name is above all names.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你的名大有榮耀。When I call, Lord, You always answer by your words. You have made me strong in you.我呼求時你必應允我，鼓勵我，使我心裡有能力。

I will sing of your love forever, for your kindness is everlasting.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你慈愛永遠長存。Though I walk in the midst of trouble, by your promise you’ll lead me through.我雖行在困苦患難中，你應許必將我救活。I will sing of your love forever, for your name is above all names.我要歌頌耶和華作為，因你的名大有榮耀。When I call, Lord, You always answer by your words. You have made me strong in you.我呼求時你必應允我，鼓勵我，使我心裡有能力。(You will fulfill your purpose for me. You won’t abandon me, the work of your hands)(你必成全關乎我的事，你必不離棄你手所創造的。)

【Song唱詩】《I Serve a Risen Savior》《我所事奉復活主》
1.我所事奉復活主，祂今在世活著；我知道祂確活著，不管人怎麼說； 
我見祂手施憐憫，我聽祂安慰聲，每次當我需求祂，總必答應。 
I serve a risen Saviour, He's in the world today; I know that He is living,
Whatever men may say; I see His hand of mercy,
I hear His voice of cheer, And just the time I need Him He's always near.
2.在我所處環境中，主愛常在我旁，雖然有時心煩惱，但我決不失望， 
我知救主引領我，衝破狂風怒潮，不日我主必再來，大顯榮耀。
In all the world around me. I see His loving care; 
And though my heart grows weary, I never will despair;
I know that He is leading. Through all the stormy blast; 
The day of His appearing, Will come at last.

副歌：基督耶穌今天仍然活著！祂與我談， 
　　　祂伴我走，生命窄路同過；我要傳揚救 
　　　恩臨到萬民，你問我怎知主活著，因主活在我心。
He lives, He lives, Christ Jesus lives today! 
He walks with me and talks with me. Along life's narrow way.
He lives, He lives, Salvation to impart!
You ask me how I know He lives? He lives within my heart.

【Song唱詩】HAP31，《神遣愛子 God sent his son》

神遣愛子，祂稱為耶穌，滿有慈愛、寬恕、醫治，
藉著祂死，我罪得赦免，墳墓已空，證明今天主仍活著。
God sent his son, they called him Jesus, He came to love, heal, and forgive;
He lived and died, to buy my pardon, An empty grave is there to prove my Saviour lives.

初生嬰孩，帶給人喜樂，緊抱懷中，溫馨甜美，
但有一事，我堅信不移，前路困惑仍然無懼，因主活著。
How sweet to hold a new born baby, And feel the pride, and joy he gives,
But greater still the calm assurance, This child can face uncertain days because he lives.

直到那天，赴死亡江河，痛苦掙扎，奮勇向前，
就在此刻，已戰勝死亡，得見主榮耀的光輝，祂今活著。
And then one day I'll cross the river, I'll fight life's final war with pain.
And then as death gives way to victory, I'll see the lights of glory and I'll know he lives.

副歌
因祂活著，我能面對明天，因祂活著，不再懼怕，我深知道，祂掌管明天，生命充滿了希望，祇因祂活著
0. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow, Because he lives, all fear is gone;

Because I know he holds the future, And life is worth the living just because he lives.

【啟應讀經】啟示錄21-1-8
     啟我又看見一個新天新地，
         Then I saw “a new heaven and a new earth,”
     應因為先前的天地已經過去了，海也不再有了。 
         for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and there was no longer any sea.	
     啟 我又看見聖城新耶路撒冷
	I saw the Holy City,
     應由神那裡從天而降，預備好了，就如新婦裝飾整齊等候丈夫。
	the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride beautifully dressed for her husband.
     啟我聽見有大聲音從寶座出來說：
	And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying,
     應「看哪，神的帳幕在人間！祂要與人同住，他們要做祂的子民，神要親自與他們同在，做他們的神。 4 神要擦去他們一切的眼淚，不再有死亡，也不再有悲哀、哭號、疼痛，因為以前的事都過去了。」
          “Look! God’s dwelling place is now among the people, and he will dwell with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God. 4 ‘He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death’[b] or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.”
     啟 坐寶座的說：
          He who was seated on the throne said,
     應「看哪，我將一切都更新了！」
     “I am making everything new!”
     啟又說： 
          Then he said,
     應「你要寫上，因這些話是可信的，是真實的。」      
          “Write this down, for these words are trustworthy and true.”
     啟他又對我說：
          He said to me
     應「都成了！我是阿拉法，我是俄梅戛；我是初，我是終。我要將生命泉的水白白賜給那口渴的人喝。 
          It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To the thirsty I will give water without cost from the spring of the water of life.
    啟得勝的，必承受這些為業：
        Those who are victorious will inherit all this,
    應我要做他的神，他要做我的兒子。
         and I will be their God and they will be my children.  
    啟唯有膽怯的、不信的、可憎的、殺人的、淫亂的、行邪術的、拜偶像的和一切說謊話的，
        But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all liars
    應他們的份就在燒著硫磺的火湖裡，這是第二次的死。」
—they will be consigned to the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This is the second death.”

【Welcome歡迎】
【Welcome Song歡迎歌】Welcome Song 《歡迎歌》
【Announcements報告】 
【Generous Offering慷慨奉獻】奉獻是對神愛的回應，如不明白奉獻的意義,
無需參與。
【Offering Prayer奉獻禱告】
【Scripture證道經文】腓立比書4:4-13
【Message證道】《 心靈良藥》
【Mercy Seat Appeal恩座呼召】《練淨我》
【Responding Song回應詩歌】《練淨我》
【Benediction祝福】
【Group Prayer分組代禱】
