【歡迎/Welcome】
【宣告/Call To Worship】詩篇 Psalm 145:3-13
3 耶和華本為大，該受大讚美，其大無法測度。
4 這代要對那代頌讚你的作為，也要傳揚你的大能。
5 我要默念你威嚴的尊榮，和你奇妙的作為。
6 人要傳說你可畏之事的能力，我也要傳揚你的大德。
7 他們記念你的大恩就要傳出來，並要歌唱你的公義。
8 耶和華有恩惠，有憐憫，不輕易發怒，大有慈愛。
9 耶和華善待萬民，他的慈悲覆庇他一切所造的。
10 耶和華啊，你一切所造的都要稱謝你，你的聖民也要稱頌你。
11 傳說你國的榮耀，談論你的大能，
12 好叫世人知道你大能的作為，並你國度威嚴的榮耀。
13 你的國是永遠的國，你執掌的權柄存到萬代。
3 Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise;
    his greatness no one can fathom.
4 One generation commends your works to another;
    they tell of your mighty acts.
5 They speak of the glorious splendor of your majesty—
    and I will meditate on your wonderful works.
6 They tell of the power of your awesome works—
    and I will proclaim your great deeds.
7 They celebrate your abundant goodness
    and joyfully sing of your righteousness.
8 The Lord is gracious and compassionate,
    slow to anger and rich in love.
9 The Lord is good to all;
    he has compassion on all he has made.
10 All your works praise you, Lord;
    your faithful people extol you.
11 They tell of the glory of your kingdom
    and speak of your might,
12 so that all people may know of your mighty acts
    and the glorious splendor of your kingdom.
13 Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom,
    and your dominion endures through all generations.
The Lord is trustworthy in all he promises
    and faithful in all he does.
【讚美禱告/Praise & Prayer】
【唱詩/Song】TSASB救世軍詩歌82首《普世歡騰》
 
Joy to the world!
The Lord is come;
Let earth receive her King,
普世歡勝！救主下降，
大地接祂為王；
Let every heart prepare Him room
And heaven and nature sing,
And heaven and nature sing,
And heaven,
And heaven and nature sing.
惟願眾心預備地方， 
諸天萬物歌唱，
諸天萬物歌唱，
諸天，諸天萬物歌唱。
Joy to the world!
The Saviour reigns;
Let men their songs employ,
普世歡勝！主治萬方，
萬民高聲歌唱；
While fields and floods,
Rocks, hills and plains
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat, repeat the sounding joy.
沃野、洪濤、山谷、平原， 
響應歌聲嘹亮，
響應歌聲嘹亮，
響應，響應歌聲嘹亮。
He rules the world
With truth and grace,
And makes the nations prove
主藉真理恩治萬方，
要使萬邦證明；
The glories of His righteousness
And wonders of His love,
And wonders of His love,
And wonders, wonders of His love.
上主公義無限榮光， 
主愛奇妙莫名，
主愛奇妙莫名，
主愛，主愛奇妙莫名。
 
【唱詩/Song】TSASB救世軍詩歌#404《奇異恩典》Amazing Grace
 
Amazing grace! 
How sweet the sound,
That saved a wretch like me!
奇異恩典，何等甜美，
我罪已得赦免；
I once was lost, but now am found,
Was blind but now I see.
前我失迷，今被尋回，
瞎眼今得看見。
'Twas grace that taught
My heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
浩蕩恩典，使我敬畏，
我心已得安慰；
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!
初信主時即蒙恩惠，
真是何等寶貴。
Through many dangers,
Toils and snares
I have already come;
許多試煉危險網羅，
飽受人間苦楚，
'Tis grace hath brought
Me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.
主恩領我平安渡過，
直到榮歸天府。
When we've been there
Ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
將來在天安居萬年，
恩光如日普照，
We've no less days
To sing God's praise
Than when we first begun.
好像當初蒙恩景況，
讚美永不止息。
 
【啟應讀經/Responsive Reading】约翰福音John 4:13-42
4:14 人若喝我所赐的水，就永远不渴。我所赐的水要在他里头成为泉源，直涌到永生。”
4:15 妇人说：“先生，请把这水赐给我，叫我不渴，也不用来这么远打水。”
4:16 耶稣说：“你去叫你丈夫也到这里来。”
4:17 妇人说：“我没有丈夫。”耶稣说：“你说没有丈夫，是不错的。
4:18 你已经有五个丈夫，你现在有的，并不是你的丈夫，你这话是真的。”
4:19 妇人说：“先生，我看出你是先知。
4:20 我们的祖宗在这山上礼拜，你们倒说，应当礼拜的地方是在耶路撒冷。”
4:21 耶稣说：“妇人，你当信我。时候将到，你们拜父也不在这山上，也不在耶路撒冷。
4:22 你们所拜的，你们不知道；我们所拜的，我们知道，因为救恩是从犹太人出来的。
4:23 时候将到，如今就是了。那真正拜父的，要用心灵和诚实拜他，因为父要这样的人拜他。
4:24 神是个灵，所以拜他的，必须用心灵和诚实拜他。”
4:25 妇人说：“我知道弥赛亚（就是那称为基督的）要来，他来了，必将一切的事都告诉我们。”
4:26 耶稣说：“这和你说话的就是他。”
4:32 耶稣说：“我有食物吃，是你们不知道的。”
4:33 门徒就彼此对问说：“莫非有人拿什么给他吃吗？”
4:34 耶稣说：“我的食物就是遵行差我来者的旨意，做成他的工。
4:35 你们岂不说‘到收割的时候还有四个月’吗？我告诉你们：举目向田观看，庄稼已经熟了（注：原文作“发白”），可以收割了。
4:36 收割的人得工价，积蓄五谷到永生，叫撒种的和收割的一同快乐。
4:37 俗语说‘那人撒种，这人收割’，这话可见是真的。
4:38 我差你们去收你们所没有劳苦的，别人劳苦，你们享受他们所劳苦的。”
4:39 那城里有好些撒马利亚人信了耶稣，因为那妇人作见证说：“他将我素来所行的一切事都给我说出来了。”
4:40 于是撒马利亚人来见耶稣，求他在他们那里住下，他便在那里住了两天。
4:41 因耶稣的话，信的人就更多了。
4:42 便对妇人说：“现在我们信，不是因为你的话，是我们亲自听见了，知道这真是救世主。”
13 Jesus answered, “Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again, 
14 but whoever drinks the water I give them will never thirst. Indeed, the water I give them will become in them a spring of water welling up to eternal life.”
15 The woman said to him, “Sir, give me this water so that I won’t get thirsty and have to keep coming here to draw water.”
16 He told her, “Go, call your husband and come back.”
17 “I have no husband,” she replied. Jesus said to her, “You are right when you say you have no husband. 18 The fact is, you have had five husbands, and the man you now have is not your husband. What you have just said is quite true.”
19 “Sir,” the woman said, “I can see that you are a prophet. 20 Our ancestors worshiped on this mountain, but you Jews claim that the place where we must worship is in Jerusalem.”
21 “Woman,” Jesus replied, “believe me, a time is coming when you will worship the Father neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem. 22 You Samaritans worship what you do not know; we worship what we do know, for salvation is from the Jews. 23 Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. 24 God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.”
25 The woman said, “I know that Messiah” (called Christ) “is coming. When he comes, he will explain everything to us.”
26 Then Jesus declared, “I, the one speaking to you—I am he.”
32 But he said to them, “I have food to eat that you know nothing about.”
33 Then his disciples said to each other, “Could someone have brought him food?”
34 “My food,” said Jesus, “is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work. 35 Don’t you have a saying, ‘It’s still four months until harvest’? I tell you, open your eyes and look at the fields! They are ripe for harvest. 36 Even now the one who reaps draws a wage and harvests a crop for eternal life, so that the sower and the reaper may be glad together. 37 Thus the saying ‘One sows and another reaps’ is true. 38 I sent you to reap what you have not worked for. Others have done the hard work, and you have reaped the benefits of their labor.”
39 Many of the Samaritans from that town believed in him because of the woman’s testimony, “He told me everything I ever did.” 40 So when the Samaritans came to him, they urged him to stay with them, and he stayed two days. 41 And because of his words many more became believers.
42 They said to the woman, “We no longer believe just because of what you said; now we have heard for ourselves, and we know that this man really is the Savior of the world.”
【感恩讚美唱詩/Thanksgiving Song】TSASB救世军诗歌423首《我所事奉复活主》I serve a risen Saviour
I serve a risen Saviour, He’s in the world today; I know that He is living, Whatever men may say;
我所事奉復活主，祂今在世活著；
我知道祂確活著，不管人怎麼說；
I see His hand of mercy,I hear His voice of cheer, And just the time I need Him, He's always near.
我見祂手施憐憫，我聽祂安慰聲，
每次當我需求祂，總必答應。
He lives, He lives, Christ Jesus lives today! He walks with me and talks with me Along life's narrow way.
基督耶穌今天仍然活著！
祂與我談，祂伴我走，
生命窄路同過；
He lives, He lives, Salvation to impart! You ask me how I know He lives? He lives within my heart.
我要傳揚救恩臨到萬民，
你問我怎知主活著，因主活在我心
In all the world around me; I see His loving care; And though my heart grows weary, I never will despair;
在我所處環境中，主愛常在我旁，
雖然有時心煩惱，但我決不失望，
I know that He is leading; Through all the stormy blast; The day of His appearing; Will come at last.
我知救主引領我，衝破狂風怒潮，
不日我主必再來，大顯榮耀。
He lives, He lives, Christ Jesus lives today! He walks with me and talks with me Along life's narrow way.
基督耶穌今天仍然活著！
祂與我談，祂伴我走，
生命窄路同過；
He lives, He lives, Salvation to impart! You ask me how I know He lives? He lives within my heart.
我要傳揚救恩臨到萬民，
你問我怎知主活著，因主活在我心
【歡迎新人/Welcome New Friends】
【歡迎歌/Welcome Song】快樂頌Happiness&Praise 55首《歡迎歌》
There’s welcome here,a welcome here, There’s Christian welcome here,Hallelu! Welcome here, a welcome here, There’s a Christian welcome here.
我們歡迎您，真歡迎您，在主裡誠心歡迎；哈利路亞，我們歡迎您，真歡迎您，在主裡誠心歡迎。
【報告/Announcements】 
【十一奉獻/Tithe】奉獻是對神愛的回應，如不明白奉獻的意義,無需參與。
（詩篇Psalm 50:14）“Sacrifice thank offerings to God, fulfill your vows to the Most High, 你們要以感謝為祭獻於神，又要向至高者還你的願；
【奉獻禱告/Offering Prayer】
【證道經文/Scripture】路加福音Luke 5:33-39
33 他們對耶穌說：「約翰的門徒常常禁食祈禱，法利賽人的門徒也是這樣，惟獨跟你在一起的又吃又喝。」 34 耶穌對他們說：「新郎和賓客在一起的時候，你們怎麼能叫賓客禁食呢？ 35 但日子將到，新郎要被帶走，那些日子他們就要禁食了。」

36 耶穌又講一個比喻，對他們說：「沒有人把新衣服撕下一塊來補在舊衣服上，若是這樣，會把新的撕裂了，並且所撕下來的那塊新的和舊的也不相稱。 37 也沒有人把新酒裝在舊皮袋裏；若是這樣，新酒會脹破皮袋，酒就漏出來，皮袋也糟蹋了。 38 相反地，新酒必須裝在新皮袋裏。 39 沒有人喝了陳酒又想喝新的；他總說陳的好。」
33 They said to him, ‘John’s disciples often fast and pray, and so do the disciples of the Pharisees, but yours go on eating and drinking.’

34 Jesus answered, ‘Can you make the friends of the bridegroom fast while he is with them? 35 But the time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them; in those days they will fast.’

36 He told them this parable: ‘No one tears a piece out of a new garment to patch an old one. Otherwise, they will have torn the new garment, and the patch from the new will not match the old. 37 And no one pours new wine into old wineskins. Otherwise, the new wine will burst the skins; the wine will run out and the wineskins will be ruined. 38 No, new wine must be poured into new wineskins. 39 And no one after drinking old wine wants the new, for they say, “The old is better.”’
【證道/Message】
《福音需要以新生命来接受》New Wine Must be Poured into New Wineskins
【恩座呼召/Mercy Seat Appeal】Change my heart Oh God 更新我心意
【回應詩歌/Responding Song】https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1ksbEYYgX4
【主禱文】路加福音Luke 11:2-4
父啊，
願人都尊你的名為聖；
願你的國降臨；
我們日用的飲食，天天賜給我們。
赦免我們的罪，
因為我們也赦免凡虧欠我們的人。
不叫我們陷入試探。
	Father,
hallowed be your name,
your kingdom come. 
Give us each day our daily bread.
Forgive us our sins, 
for we also forgive everyone who sins against us. 
And lead us not into temptation.”’

【差遣詩歌/Sending Song】救世軍詩歌TSASB 673首
《赞美真神万福之源》
Praise God,from whom all blessings flow,
Praise him, all creatures here below,
讚美真神萬福之源，普世生靈皆當尊崇，
Praise him above, ye heavenly host, 
Praise father, son and holy Ghost.
天上萬軍頌揚主名，讚美聖父聖子聖靈。
