【Welcome歡迎】
【Call To Worship宣告】Luke路2:10b-11,14. 
I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people. 11 Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the Messiah, the Lord. “Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests.”
我報給你們大喜的信息、 是關乎萬民的.因今天在大衛的城裡、 為你們生了救主、 就是主基督。在至高之處榮耀歸與上帝!在地上平安歸 與祂所喜悅的人!
【Praise & Prayer讚美禱告】
【Hymn唱詩】SB#80 Hark !The Herald Angels Sing《聽啊，天使唱高聲》
1. Hark! the herald angels sing: Glory to the new-born King;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled.
1.聽啊天使唱高聲，報知耶穌今降生，
天上榮光歸與神，地上平安人蒙恩， 

Joyful, all ye nations rise, Join the triumph of the skies;
With the angelic host proclaim, Christ is born in Bethlehem.
世間遠近大小邦，皆當興起同頌揚，
天唱地和喜不勝，基督生於伯利恆，

Hark! the herald angels sing: Glory to the new-born King.
聽啊天使唱高聲，報知耶穌今降生。 

2. Christ, by highest Heaven adored, Christ, the everlasting Lord,
Late in time behold him come, Offspring of a virgin's womb.
2. 基督本為永生王，天使敬拜齊讚揚，
今在末世由天降，生於童女成人狀， 

Veiled in flesh the Godhead see; Hail the incarnate Deity!
Pleased as man with man to dwell, Jesus, our Immanuel.
至高上主成肉體，住在人間恩無比，
甘與世人居下地，乃我主以馬內利， 

Hark! the herald angels sing: Glory to the new-born King.
聽啊天使唱高聲，報知耶穌今降生。 


3. Hail the Heaven-born Prince of Peace! Hail the Sun of righteousness!
Light and life to all he brings, Risen with healing in his wings.
3.美哉耶穌和平君，美哉耶穌為世光，
普照天下萬邦人，賜以永生引歸真，
 
Mild he lays his glory by, Born that man no more may die,
Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to give them second birth.
謙卑放下天榮尊，生則救人免沉淪，
生則罪人能更新，生則人得與主親， 

Hark! the herald angels sing: Glory to the new-born King.
聽啊天使唱高聲，報知耶穌今降生。 
 
【Responsive Reading啟應讀經】Psalms  詩篇98

(Lead) Sing to the Lord a new song, for he has done marvelous things;
his right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him.
(領) 你們要向上主唱新歌! 因為祂行過奇妙的事，祂的右手和聖臂施行救恩。 

(Congregation) Shout for joy to the Lord, all the earth, burst into jubilant song with music;
(會眾) 全地都要向上主歡樂;地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。 

(Lead) The Lord has made his salvation known and revealed his righteousness to the nations.
(領) 上主顯明了祂的救恩，在列國眼前顯出公義; 記念祂對以色列家的慈愛和信實。 

(Congregation) Shout for joy to the Lord, all the earth, burst into jubilant song with music;
(會眾) 全地都要向上主歡樂;地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。 


(Lead) He has remembered his love and his faithfulness to Israel; all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
(領) 祂紀念祂向以色列家所應許的慈愛和信實。地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。

(Congregation) Shout for joy to the Lord, all the earth, burst into jubilant song with music; 
(會眾) 全地都要向上主歡樂;地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。

(Lead) Make music to the Lord with the harp, with the harp and the sound of singing, with trumpets and the blast of the ram’s horn— shout for joy before the Lord, the King.
(領) 用琴歌頌上主，用琴和詩歌的聲音歌頌祂! 用號筒和角聲，在大君王上主面前歡呼! 

(Congregation) Shout for joy to the Lord, all the earth, burst into jubilant song with music; 
(會眾) 全地都要向上主歡樂;地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。

(Lead) Let the sea resound, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it.
 Let the rivers clap their hands, let the mountains sing together for joy; let them sing before the Lord, for he comes to judge the earth. He will judge the world in righteousness and the peoples with equity.
(領) 願海和其中所充滿的澎湃，願世界和住在其間的發聲。 願大水拍掌，願諸山在上主面前一同歡呼; 因為祂來要審判全地. 祂要按公義審判世界，按公正審判萬民。 

(Congregation) Shout for joy to the Lord, all the earth, burst into jubilant song with music; 
(會眾) 全地都要向上主歡樂;地的四極都看見我們上帝的救恩。

 【Hymn唱詩】O Come, All Ye Faithful《齊來宗主信徒》
1. O come, all ye faithful Joyful and triumphant
O come ye, o come ye to Bethlehem
Come and behold Him Born the King of Angels!
1. 齊來宗主信徒，快樂又歡欣，
齊來一齊來大家上伯利恆，
來朝見聖嬰，天使王已降生，

O come, let us adore Him O come, let us adore Him
O come, let us adore Him Christ the Lord
齊來虔誠同崇拜，齊來虔誠同崇拜，
齊來虔誠同崇拜，主基督。

2. Sing, choirs of angels, Sing in exultation;
Sing, all ye citizens of heaven above!
Glory to God, Glory in the highest;
2. 天上結成樂隊，歡然同歌唱，
光明眾天軍來高聲同讚揚，
在至高之處，榮耀歸於真神， 

O come, let us adore Him
O come, let us adore Him
O come, let us adore Him Christ the Lord
齊來虔誠同崇拜，齊來虔誠同崇拜，
齊來虔誠同崇拜，主基督。

3. Yea, Lord, we greet thee, 
Born this happy morning;
Jesus, to thee be all glory given.
Son of the Father, Now in flesh appearing;
3. 救主生於今晨，我眾來歡迎，
天上諸榮耀完全歸主一身，
大哉父真道，藉肉體來顯明， 
O come, let us adore Him
O come, let us adore Him
O come, let us adore Him Christ the Lord
齊來虔誠同崇拜，齊來虔誠同崇拜，
齊來虔誠同崇拜，主基督。
【Bible Reading 讀經】Hebrews希伯來書 1:1-4
In the past God spoke to our ancestors through the prophets at many times and in various ways, 2 but in these last days he has spoken to us by his Son, whom he appointed heir of all things, and through whom also he made the universe. 3 The Son is the radiance of God’s glory and the exact representation of his being, sustaining all things by his powerful word. After he had provided purification for sins, he sat down at the right hand of the Majesty in heaven. 4 So he became as much superior to the angels as the name he has inherited is superior to theirs.
古時候，上帝藉着眾先知多次多方向列祖說話，末世，藉着 祂兒子向我們說話，又立祂為承受萬有的，也藉着祂創造宇 宙。祂是上帝榮耀的光輝，是上帝本體的真像，常用祂大能 的命令托住萬有。祂洗淨了人的罪，就坐在高天至大者的右 邊。祂所承受的名比天使的名更尊貴，所以祂遠比天使崇高。 

【Hymn唱詩】SASB82 Joy To The World《普世歡騰》
Joy to the world! 
The Lord is come; 
Let earth receive her King, 
普世歡勝！救主下降， 
大地接祂為王； 
Let every heart prepare Him room 
And heaven and nature sing, 
And heaven and nature sing, 
And heaven, 
And heaven and nature sing. 
惟願眾心預備地方， 
諸天萬物歌唱， 
諸天萬物歌唱， 
諸天，諸天萬物歌唱。 
Joy to the world! 
The Saviour reigns; 
Let men their songs employ, 
普世歡勝！主治萬方， 
萬民高聲歌唱； 
While fields and floods, 
Rocks, hills and plains 
Repeat the sounding joy, 
Repeat the sounding joy, 
Repeat, repeat the sounding joy. 
沃野、洪濤、山谷、平原， 
響應歌聲嘹亮， 
響應歌聲嘹亮， 
響應，響應歌聲嘹亮。 
He rules the world 
With truth and grace, 
And makes the nations prove 
主藉真理恩治萬方， 
要使萬邦證明； 

The glories of His righteousness 
And wonders of His love, 
And wonders of His love, 
And wonders, wonders of His love. 
上主公義無限榮光， 
主愛奇妙莫名， 
主愛奇妙莫名， 
主愛，主愛奇妙莫名。
【Thanksgiving感恩讚美分享/禱告】
【Welcome New Friends歡迎新朋友】
【Welcome Song歡迎歌】Welcome Song 《歡迎歌》
There’s welcome here,a welcome here, There’s Christian welcome here, Hallelu! Welcome here, a welcome here, There’s a Christian welcome here.
我們歡迎您，真歡迎你，在主裡誠心歡迎；哈利路亞，我們歡迎你，真歡迎你，在主裡誠
心歡迎。
【Announcements報告】 
【Offering for Kenya's Ambulance Project為肯尼亞購買救護車項目捐獻】
2 Corinthians 9:6-9/哥林多後書9:6-9
Remember this: Whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows generously will also reap generously. Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver. And God is able to bless you abundantly, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work.As it is written: “They have freely scattered their gifts to the poor; their righteousness endures forever.”
還有，少種的少收，多種的多收。 各人要照著心裡所決定的捐輸，不要為難，不必勉強，因為捐得樂意的人，是　神所喜愛的。 神能把各樣的恩惠多多地加給你們，使你們凡事常常充足，多作各樣的善事。 如經上所說：“他廣施錢財，賙濟窮人；他的仁義，存到永遠。”

【Offering Prayer奉獻禱告】
【Drama短劇】What Do You Want For This Christmas《你要什麼聖誕禮物》
【Scripture證道經文】Isaiah 以賽亞書9:2-7
The people walking in darkness have seen a great light; on those living in the land of deep darkness a light has dawned. You have enlarged the nation and increased their joy; they rejoice before you as people rejoice at the harvest,
as warriors rejoice when dividing the plunder.
在 黑 暗 中 行 走 的 百 姓 看 見 了 大 光 ， 住 在 死 蔭 之 地 的 人 有 光 照 耀 他 們 。3 你 使 這 國 民 繁 多 ， 加 增 他 們 的 喜 樂 ； 他 們 在 你 面 前 歡 喜 ， 好 像 收 割 的 歡 喜 ， 像 人 分 擄 物 那 樣 的 快 樂 。

For as in the day of Midian’s defeat, you have shattered the yoke that burdens them, the bar across their shoulders, the rod of their oppressor.5 Every warrior’s boot used in battle and every garment rolled in blood will be destined for burning,
 will be fuel for the fire.
 因 為 他 們 所 負 的 重 軛 和 肩 頭 上 的 杖 ， 並 欺 壓 他 們 人 的 棍 ， 你 都 已 經 折 斷 ， 好 像 在 米 甸 的 日 子 一 樣 。戰 士 在 亂 殺 之 間 所 穿 戴 的 盔 甲 ， 並 那 滾 在 血 中 的 衣 服 ， 都 必 作 為 可 燒 的 ， 當 作 火 柴 。

For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders. And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.
因 有 一 嬰 孩 為 我 們 而 生 ； 有 一 子 賜 給 我 們 。 政 權 必 擔 在 他 的 肩 頭 上 ； 他 名 稱 為 奇 妙 策 士 、 全 能 的 神 、 永 在 的 父 、 和 平 的 君 。

7 Of the greatness of his government and peace there will be no end. He will reign on David’s throne and over his kingdom, establishing and upholding it with justice and righteousness  from that time on and forever. The zeal of the Lord Almighty will accomplish this.
7 他 的 政 權 與 平 安 必 加 增 無 窮 。 他 必 在 大 衛 的 寶 座 上 治 理 他 的 國 ， 以 公 平 公 義 使 國 堅 定 穩 固 ， 從 今 直 到 永 遠 。 萬 軍 之 耶 和 華 的 熱 心 必 成 就 這 事 。

【Message證道】To Us A Child Is Born《有一嬰孩為我們生》
【Mercy Seat Appeal恩座呼召】A Gift《一件禮物》
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ayo8Yjuj88
【Responding Song回應詩歌】You Are My All In All《你是我的一切》
You are my strength when I am weak,
You are the treasure that I seek 
You are my all in all , Seeking You as a precious jewel 
Lord, to give up I'd be a fool , You are my all in all 
你是我依靠的力量， 你是我尋求的寶藏， 
你是我的一切。 你好比贵重的珠宝， 
我怎能放弃你不要， 你是我的一切。

Jesus, Lamb of God Worthy is Your name 
Jesus, Lamb of God  Worthy is Your name 
耶稣神羔羊，配得大赞美， 
耶稣神羔羊，配得大赞美。

Taking my sin, my cross, my shame; 
Rising up again I bless Your name 
You are my all in all , When I fall down You pick me up 
When I am dry You fill my cup , You are my all in all
担当我罪债和羞辱， 
死里复活我蒙救赎， 
你是我的一切。 當我跌倒，你扶持我， 
當我乾渴，你充滿我，你是我的一切。

Jesus, Lamb of God Worthy is Your name 
Jesus, Lamb of God  Worthy is Your name 
耶稣神羔羊，配得大赞美， 
耶稣神羔羊，配得大赞美。
【Presentation of Gifts送發禮物】
【Benediction/Sending祝福/差遣】
【Group Photo大合照】 
